Reflection 3.1:
Q: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A: I would propose that its always an advantage to use a remote repository, the reason beeing that you can collaborate with others and/or you can be certain you always have a reasonably
updated backup awailable online should things turn to shit locally.

Reflection 3.2:
Q: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
A: I want full control over which parts of my work goes online, there is no point in updating automatically as it would be desruptive for other developers who cooperates on the same file(s).

Reflection 3.3:
Q: Describe the defferences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A: Forks keeps the connection with the original in the sense that it gives the original author reckognition. Clones just copies the files locally, this would be usefull when ? i dont know. Branches is used when you want to experiment or try out new functions and ideas, very usefull for when you are working together with others.

Reflection 3.4:
Q: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
A: It makes it easier to work offline

Reflection 3.5
Q: How would you collaborate without using git or github? What would be easier and what would be harder?
A: I would send an recieve updated versions of the code constantly, finding changes and updating stuff manually, this would be the hard part.It would be easier without git if the project was very small and consisted of fewer collaboratorer

Reflection 3.6
Q: When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benfits does each approach have?
A: Whenever i am expirementing or working on a code where the master needs to be "pure" and in working order at any given moment. Faster implementation of new stuff VS proper quality controll and reduced downtime of the system in question.